Text Adventure Post Mortem
Kevin Hunter


Scope
-----
When given the assignment, we had three weeks until it was due.  So, I planned my text adventure around having
a large portion of that time to complete the work.  However, the string library part of the assestment took up
two of those weeks.  So, I was faced with three options:
1. Scrape my game and going with a "Hunt the Wumpus" clone, which I had not interest in
2. Scale my game back and make a fairly boring text adventure, without many options
3. Bite the bullet and continue on with my original idea
I chose option 3 and decided to make the game I had originally intended to make.

That game involved a very large hotel, with lots of rooms/descriptions, an inventory system, and a sizable list
of commands to navigate, and interact with.


Challenges
----------
I was originally trying to have the player type out full commands and have the program grab keywords from that
text.  That proved to be more difficult, and time consuming, than I could pull off and still meet the deadline.
So, I decided to scale it down to just entering single letter, or number, commands and presenting the player
with additonal options, when necessary.

This game tells a story that requires lots of description.  Each location usually had two different descriptions
and some had three.  There were also descriptions for examined items and searched rooms.  Figuring out how to
handle all that text took a lot of time to work out.


What went right
---------------
The biggest success was working out how to handle the text.  I wrote a function to search a text file for a 
keyword to find the room, then a second keyword to figure out which description to output.  It would then 
write each line of text until it reached an "end" tag.

I also worked out a dynamic inventory system, with functions to add items, remove items, print a list, and allow
the player to examine the examine and use the items.  It works pretty slick.

I also researched how to change the size of the console window and add music to my game.


What went wrong
---------------
I spent alot of time trying work out how to have the player input a string of commands and grab specific key
words from that text.  Then it would handle the actions, based on those commands.  It proved to be more
difficult than I thought it would be, and I spent too much time on it, only to scrap it for a more simple
command entry system.


Conclusion
----------
While I had to do alot of work outside of normal class time, I am happy that I got to create the game that I
had originally designed.  I think the game turned out pretty good and is far more interesting to play than the
"Hunt the Wumpus" game.


